kid
I don't think you heard what I said.
Dragon King Palace is dear
Hand over the agency to our Zhou family
And after 7 days
I will succeed you as the new Japan
At that time, I will become a legend of Great Xia
The Fan family will also bow down to my Zhou family
And you
Why do you brazenly slander our Zhou family?
I am the Dragon King
I said who can do what to me
I thought the Zhou family head
He was a man of great integrity.
I didn't expect to give birth to such an unfilial son as you
This leader
I'm not bad, you dare to respect my parents
I am the Dragon King
Why be disrespectful
Even if your dad is in front of me now
He has to kneel for me too
You like to dress so much, don't you?
I'd like to see how you bring disaster to our Zhou family
How can I make my father kneel in front of you?
Hello dad
Where are you now?
Oops, I just finished talking to Elder Suzaku
Immediately to Yulong Hotel
Someone impersonates the Dragon King
Some people insulted our Vice General Zhou
Who is so bold?
He must die